readme.md, before:


# Stacks


### Questions
    - Reverse a String using Stack
    - Reverse a Paragraph using Stack
    - Implement Stack using Queues
    - Implement Stack using Single Queue
    - Implement a "Strongly Typed" Stack using Arrays
    - Implement a "Strongly Typed" Stack using ArrayLists


## Applications of Stacks
**Popular implementations of stacks and interview questions based around it.**  
_[From GeeksOfGeek - Stacks](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/stack-data-structure-introduction-program/)_

- Balancing of symbols
- Infix to Postfix /Prefix conversion
- Redo-undo features at many places like editors, photoshop.
- Forward and backward feature in web browsers
- Used in many algorithms like Tower of Hanoi, tree traversals, stock span problem, histogram problem.
- Backtracking is one of the algorithm designing techniques. Some examples of backtracking are the Knight-Tour problem, N-Queen problem, find your way through a maze, and game-like chess or checkers in all these problems we dive into someway if that way is not efficient we come back to the previous state and go into some another path. To get back from a current state we need to store the previous state for that purpose we need a stack.
- In Graph Algorithms like Topological Sorting and Strongly Connected Components
- In Memory management, any modern computer uses a stack as the primary management for a running purpose. Each program that is running in a computer system has its own memory allocations
- String reversal is also another application of stack. Here one by one each character gets inserted into the stack. So the first character of the string is on the bottom of the stack and the last element of a string is on the top of the stack. After Performing the pop operations on the stack we get a string in reverse order.  
  

## More Resources

Commit message:

br001: reverse string using stacks

readme.md, after:


# Stacks


### Questions
    - Reverse a String using Stack
    - Reverse a paragraph using Stack
    - Reverse a paragraph but without reversing the individual words
        (This is a String -> String a is This)
    - Implement Stack using Queues
    - Implement Stack using Single Queue
    - Implement a "Strongly Typed" Stack using Arrays
    - Implement a "Strongly Typed" Stack using ArrayLists


## Applications of Stacks
**Popular implementations of stacks and interview questions based around it.**  
_[From GeeksOfGeek - Stacks](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/stack-data-structure-introduction-program/)_

- Balancing of symbols
- Infix to Postfix /Prefix conversion
- Redo-undo features at many places like editors, photoshop.
- Forward and backward feature in web browsers
- Used in many algorithms like Tower of Hanoi, tree traversals, stock span problem, histogram problem.
- Backtracking is one of the algorithm designing techniques. Some examples of backtracking are the Knight-Tour problem, N-Queen problem, find your way through a maze, and game-like chess or checkers in all these problems we dive into someway if that way is not efficient we come back to the previous state and go into some another path. To get back from a current state we need to store the previous state for that purpose we need a stack.
- In Graph Algorithms like Topological Sorting and Strongly Connected Components
- In Memory management, any modern computer uses a stack as the primary management for a running purpose. Each program that is running in a computer system has its own memory allocations
- String reversal is also another application of stack. Here one by one each character gets inserted into the stack. So the first character of the string is on the bottom of the stack and the last element of a string is on the top of the stack. After Performing the pop operations on the stack we get a string in reverse order.  
  

## More Resources
